For question A4, the objective is to develop a framework for measuring campaign success using data such as engagement rate, conversion rate and customer lifetime value. We will then be able to propose actionable insights on how to improve marketing strategies. An assumption we made is that what is considered 'good' or 'bad' would be different, depending on the identity of the bank. A larger bank which can afford to allocate a large amount of funds towards marketing can expect greater results as compared to a smaller bank with not as much funds. While it may be useful to compare with industry benchmarks, it is also important to compare KPIs with past campaigns done by our bank, to gain an idea of marketing performance relative to what is expected for our bank.

The marketing funnel typically involves 4 stages: Awareness, Consideration, Conversion and Loyalty. As such, under our framework, marketing campaigns will be classified under 1 of the 4 stages. Customers in general pass through each stage of the funnel in this order, and poor performance at any of these stages directly affect future stages.

Awareness is the first stage of the marketing funnel. In this stage, the bank aims to capture the attention of people, build brand and product recognition, and project a positive image. By presenting itself as an option for potential customers, it increases the chances for consumer action down the line. For Awareness marketing campaigns, the aim is maximise reach and visibility, as well as create a positive perception for customers. Examples of awareness campaigns would be influencer posts and Youtube Ads. Refer to A4_awareness for further details.

Consideration is the second stage of the funnel. While awareness campaigns serve as an introduction to the bank and our services/products, we aim to take it one step further, and get potential customers to seriously think about what we are offering. In this stage, we want to allow customers to find out even more about our products and services, with hopes of increasing their interest, eventually leading to conversion. For Consideration marketing campaigns, the aim is to maximise customer engagement, and to push them towards conversion. Examples of such campaigns would be targeted emails or Instagram ads directing them towards our hotline or website. Refer to A4_Consideration for further details.

Conversion is the third stage of the funnel. In this stage, potential customers have already expressed interest in the bank's services and products. All we need to do is to get them to make the final decision - whether it be to open an account with the bank or to sign up for a new credit card. For Conversion campaigns, the aim is of course to maximise conversion rate. Examples of such campaigns would be personal recommendations sent through email or direct phone calls with a bank representative. Refer to A4_Conversion for further details

Loyalty is the final stage of the funnel. This stage involves only customers who have been or are currently with the bank now. In this stage, the aim is to keep them as customers, and prevent them from switching banks. For Loyalty campaigns, we want to maintain customer satisfaction and retention, minimise churn rates, as well as maximise customer lifetime value. Examples of such campaigns would be loyalty programs and personalised customer service. Refer to A4_Loyalty for further details.
